Pencil and Eraser 

Pencil: I'm sorry....

Eraser: For what? You didn't do anything wrong.

Pencil: I'm sorry because you get hurt because of me. Whenever I made a mistake, you're always there to erase it. But as you make my mistakes vanish, you lose a part of yourself. You get smaller and smaller each time.

Eraser: That's true. But I don't really mind. You see, I was made to do this. I was Made to help you whenever you do something wrong. Even though one day, I know I'll be gone and you'll replace me with a new one, I'm actually happy with my job. So please, stop worrying. I hate seeing you sad. :)

Parents are like the eraser whereas their children are the pencil. They're always there for their children, cleaning up their mistakes. Sometimes along the way, they get hurt, and become smaller / older, and eventually pass on.

Though their children will eventually find someone new (spouse), but parents are still happy with what they do for their children, and will always hate seeing their precious ones worrying, or sad. All my life, I've been the pencil.

And it pains me to see the eraser that is my parents getting smaller and smaller each day. For I know that one day, all that I'm left with would be eraser shavings and memories of what I used to have.

Moral: We never know the love of our parents for us till we have become parents.

I found this conversation between the pencil and the eraser very inspirational. Leaders are like the eraser whereas their Followers are the pencil. They're always there for their followers, cleaning up their mistakes. Sometimes along the way... they get hurt, and become disengaged (older, and eventually pass on). Though their followers will eventually find someone new (Leader/Boss), but Leaders are still happy with what they do for their followers, and will always hate seeing their precious ones worrying, or sad.

This is for all Leaders out there.....


First of all, whatever you do, spread the love — share the knowledge.

Example.
Great Parents = Your Parents
Great Leaders = Our True Leader (Daw Aung San Su Kyi)

If you like this article, spread the love - share this story to your great parents and leaders.
